on we're going back to beyond two souls
you haven't cleaned bone swagga gelatin
as is and making off video and if you
tagging shouts voyage and as is
absolutely I bed s psyched vida speed
afghan-owned were exactly up to say
let's tag them of any girls on shouts of
Anna's lon search on pinch bus
I was confronted with the loss of
someone in my family close to me and it
was really a shocking experience I
wanted to tell a different story and not
talk about death the usual way I would
say would really deal with death as a
physical reality and that can be
explained David cages vision is always
one that is innovative and highly
challenging so each time we stand out on
a project we see those giant mountains
in front of us and think oh my god how
are we going to do that it took a very
year to write me on and was really
changing your collaboration because they
really really passionate about writing
and you're always wants to push the
envelope you know the concept is huge
and there's you know incredible action
sequences and locations all over the
world and but there's also this like
beautiful drama with it one of the
challenges of doing this is because the
player participates in the scenario the
possibilities of where the story goes is
fantastic we ended up with two thousand
pages documents and we realized we had a
very big project in her hands that would
be very challenging to produce it was a
journey right writing be almost was a
journey by itself I like being around
interesting people that are really
innovators and are passionate about what
they're doing and I had that sense in
how they approached me and what I saw in
the design and how they were talking
about how they wanted to shoot it was
strange because it felt so foreign to me
because it sort of felt like
jumping off a cliff a little bit maybe
that's just what i did i just sort of
jumped on yes it was exciting you know
it was exciting in the sun sides it was
unusual for me everything was so unusual
I'm a true gamer and I got the call I
was gonna meet David I was beside myself
when a project is someone's baby and
they put so much time and so much hard
into it you really see it and this is
such a developed story and this is gonna
make you feel and have a motion and go
through a journey so it's something I
really want to get into I think that's
the other thing that's so exciting about
this game is this female protagonist not
a female protagonist who's like sorry
guys like it has like big groups and i
tanked up you know and is like running
around with a gun and I feel grateful
that I can be involved with playings
female protagonists in this video game
it was really important amount of pages
to shoot in films usually be shoot about
two to three minutes a day we had to
shoot above 20 minutes it's been
shockingly a marshal you just don't stop
you just go and go and go and go I've
kind of really enjoyed that experience
it's been like weirdly come freeing you
walk by the performance capture space
looks so tiny and you look at that me
say my god all that stuff happened in
that space today when I say happened it
happened
your imagination that happened in your
intention pretty slits a powerful
feeling it's so amazing that this is
what I was getting to do for can't sleep
at night go home and I'm just so excited
that I'm coming back tomorrow there's a
aspect of motion capture that really
skips to the chasing gets down to
something very basic about performant go
back to bed with an in William it's
really like driving a Ferrari in a way
you need to be very precise as the pilot
because whatever you ask the car to do
you will get it but because they're so
talented they will give you something
that will be fully consistent with the
character that will really bring
something that you did anything go the
pleasure for me as an actor is not
interpreting something it really is
serving someone's vision and then making
it my vision and David earnest you know
is is pretty inspiring David's awesome
to work for I don't think I realized
when I signed up for it just like how
much of an incredible experience this
was gonna be as an actor I mean I really
have nothing other than unbelievable
respect for what he's doing and just for
whatever reason totally just trust him
just good until every day just sort of
go for it both Hannon and weeding came
on set with a lot of respect for the
project they really wanted to do the
best possible job they could just to
serve the puja and serve the vision and
I think it's going to make the game much
better
absolute Kenny I aliens absolutely no
dishwasher specialized on Wednesdays
peptic is Manny Acta me act Boosh Peter
pass the eighth ccip milk madam natsuki
machesney to live in open in bed I was
lovely fitting the to come from Miami
she doesn't from you and he paid in
percy bysshe yeah I prefer to hub in
speed on shangela stone on the Jets
casino I'm gonna be making off to this
absolute a second thank you sooo ankeny
alice olivia signal eating civilians
alla famiglia please thank the suit on
and just
you